Oh
gentlemen we can save Europe from total
destruction we have to show the world
but not all of us were like him
it is too great a risk it doesn't change
what we must do
what did you have in mind
you could serve Germany or the Fuhrer my
boss just done till the tide you sent
here could what I said was much worse
I'm a soldier
but in serving my country I have
betrayed my conscience we need to
reorganize it has to be a chance of
success that's why you'll hear Hitler's
Germany has seen its last sunrise can I
count you in any problem on earth can be
solved with the careful application of
high explosives the trick is not to be
around when they go off ten minutes
one for the checkpoint two for the
welcome when did the bunker 6 to get out
but remember nothing ever goes according
to plan operation Valkyrie is in effect
if they catch you they will hold you
apart
if I fail they'll copy
love you I know do you realize what
you've done
[Music]
I've been discovered every second we
stand here is a second lost
if you want to lift you tonight you do
exactly as I say Vikki Zeigler stronger
than very momentum of history
my Fuhrer may I present Colonel
Stauffenberg
[Music]
Valkyrie